[docs] bump Case Police, fix new warnings (#19930)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/customizing-webpack.mdx

> You can also use `npx expo customize` to generate the static project files: **index.html**, **serve.json**, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `npx expo customize` to generate the static project files: **index.html**, **serve.json**, and so on.
```

Unrelated to the changes in the PR, we can avoid [Latin abbreviations as per our writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#abbreviations).

These can be used to customize your project in a more familiar way.

> All of the files you select from the terminal prompt will be copied to a `web/` folder in your project's root directory. Think of this folder like `public/` in Create React App. We use "web" instead of "public" because Expo webpack is web-only, the static folder does not work for iOS or Android apps. For mobile platforms, we similarly put platform-specific project files in `/ios` and `/android` folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the files you select from the terminal prompt will be copied to a **web/** directory in your project's root directory. Think of this directory as **public/** in Create React App. We use "web" instead of "public" because Expo webpack is web-only, the static directory does not work for Android or iOS apps. For mobile platforms, we similarly put platform-specific project files in `/android` and `/ios` directories.
```
